because this this right here this is
exactly why falling in love is so
goddamn hard frites well don't leave
well I need some take in my life oh
that's something L might be wondering
why I'm in a woman's outfit today and my
answer is why the fuck not check there's
a social construct bitch cuz ladies I
come on here a lot talking to the fellas
about how to get pussy how to get women
how to get hit some of that man dude
stuff that y'all ladies wouldn't
understand because you know we're we're
men that we Lea we like to wrestle each
other in the mud you're fucking almost
sexual if you don't like vagina now I
know there are a lot of ladies watching
this show because uh-oh
why wouldn't you look at me Nick I mean
I feel like me and the ladies here have
never had a one-on-one Girl Talk and in
order for you to take me more seriously
I should dress as a human female you see
ladies what there are a lot of websites
a lot of magazines like cosmopolitan
BuzzFeed Elite daily whatever all that
cancer and if you're learning how to get
some good pole up in ya you're not gonna
want to trust the woman you want to be
listening to a real man talking about
how to get that plate all these
magazines and sites are setting up
unrealistic standards for women and I'm
gonna stand up to this being your girl
is very hard and I'm gonna fucking prove
it I went to the lab so do some research
on women I spent six weeks figuring out
how to woman can't reach your absolute
prime and then I told Todd if you don't
want to use a condom then you fucking
get tested I'm also homeless I also
don't have any health insurance that I
think I'm very sick all the fingers on
my left hand have stopped working please
send help I am suffering so my horoscope
said to me this morning that something
really vague was gonna happen
it's not understanding me right now I
don't know what I want to go to eat what
you decide but after six weeks I can say
that I finally
Oh men love it when you go on organic
diets and never shut the fuck up about
it that's the best you gotta go on an
all organic diet all organs seems just
about tough now ladies if you want to
get yourself with nice man you gotta
learn how to eat an all organic diet
like these to your organs so I'm gonna
eat all of these and try and eat it as
fast as possible for you please don't
throw those at me they're gonna throw
this at me okay please please don't
here's to an all organic diet
oh so good oh wow
men love the old naturale oh it is
biologically proven that a man's dick
must get hard and natural beauty any man
who can't get his dick hard for girls
who look like the fucking Michelin Man
or fucking rapists and sexist pigs if
people were Pro creating millions of
years before the invention of makeup you
don't need makeup if you think about it
toilet paper did not exist until the
1890s and that was still in its
experimental stage you can see here that
toilet paper was a concept created by
Joseph de Yeti so if you think about it
before 100 years ago
toilet paper was not was not a thing and
anthropologically speaking women have
been sitting on the faces of men for
thousands of thousands of years long
before the invention of toilet paper and
of course toilet paper was invented by a
man trying to suppress our standards
excuse me
if we don't want to like we don't want a
white Joseph Teti yeah fuck you no one's
been wiping until now biologically men
are designed to enjoy the unfiltered
sense of the crunch you follow me do you
want a real man who's gonna appreciate
you for who you really are
don't wife Heather wait brother wait
Wilma Wilma from fucking the Flintstone
you think they have toilet paper then we
had rocks little fuck's gonna wipe their
ass for the rock but you know Fred
Flintstone's been burning his nose in
that ass if you think a bit of smegma
it's gonna stop Fred Flintstone you get
your shit together lady come on sister
where did men come that's right
men came from vaginas it's what they're
comfortable with and smelling the stanky
pussy of all time we'll bring them back
to their childhood and they'll crawl
right back in there it's all
anthropology Charlie can you can't argue
with the facts the same was shaving
don't shave
you gotta get your nails done you see
that on my hand that's not that syphilis
do you have a boyfriend
no okay that's ha
be your woman was extremely hard but at
the end of the day it was nice to get
that did these nails nails done though
what's your name oh okay now let me end
this video on a wise note pussy makes
the world go round men get out of that
for pussy men brush their teeth for
pussy all that power my friend you never
get pussy who are you to tell women what
men want to see and then you are a
hypocrite Pig whoa oh geez
I got a new MacBook this one's a female
though I am just a confident in this
video to hold the viewers hand through
the experience to assure them that this
is a joke I will not stand for such
sexism this MacBook stop jokes
this is funny Francis of the film I will
kill you better square the fuck up nigga
cuz I am about to wild out and throw
these hand get your bars off nigga since
it's a woman it's a woman MacBook so it
doesn't know what it's talking about I
don't give a fuck if you out in these
streets landing code I am coming for you
sexist pick so
system to film
it's filthy Frank motherfucker it's
built the Frank piss let's get some
pussy tonight