ain't nothing like a good salad I said
ain't nothing like a good salad
hey I'm vegan
Jimmy hey take him off I'm vegan okay
did you hear me I said I'm digging jeez
I'm diggin all right
I'm diggin oh really oh you're vegan I
didn't know that and I didn't need to
know that anyone who is loud and
outspoken it's just the problem in
general that we all have to deal with
every day and one of the biggest groups
of people I won't shut the fuck up RT s
vegans are core vegan extremists now
here's the definition of vegan a person
who does not eat or use animal products
I swear y'all bring up that shit every
time hey I'm vegan
can you give me this metal because I
deserve it because I'm leaving you don't
appreciate the animals pal shit shit
going on
I could be talking about like of the
rape of a child and you'll still find a
way to slip the fact that you're vegan
did you hear that was a genocide in the
Congo Republic again I'm vegan black
children sprawl across Africa death I'm
vegan okay just shut the fuck up please
I don't want to hear about it anymore
and anyone who eats any kind of meat is
a fucking murderer why don't they have
anything be in here why
know what the veganism is it's not a bad
thing in fact there are a lot of
components and meat that give me cancer
you know boy I don't want no cancer but
here's a list of everything that gives
you cancer hey living living gives you
cancer but it's the ones who go out of
their way to make you feel extremely
guilty about eating meat the worst is
when they try to share videos with you
about knowing where your food comes from
this is how me is made did you know that
yeah and did they come from factories
and animals died that's where meat comes
from I'm not a fucking idiot do you know
what you're actually eating this is how
your meat is actually made this is the
truth yeah I think we all know how food
is made like it's not like a wizard
just zaps meat onto my plate you think
I'm funny
you think I'm a fucking idiot I think
you're better than me or like images
like this that show up on your feet I
died for this I died for this yeah
that's a pig then it turned into bacon
and that's a cow turn into a pretty
tasty burger your choices have
consequences yeah they do and the
consequences are having a delicious
fucking meal maybe it's just me but
that's a pretty fair trade I see the the
sacrifice is pretty worthy you know this
isn't honestly you know that's gonna
make a great barbecue ain't nothing like
a drumstick you know I'm saying much
like lions we eat meat except we're
fancy enough to season our meat except
for white people you're sick and you
know I'd rather eat that then shredded
up grass and a smoothie y'all put kale
and wheatgrass and everything uh I
believe that animals have no soul yeah
they're just fucking dumb why are these
fucking animals you expect an afterlife
for these motherfuckers listen I
understand that this is the real fucking
world and animals are sacrificing their
free will and their bodies for my eating
pleasure but I blissfully turn a blind
eye because that's that's what humans do
and humans are fucking
what who who want to know watching these
kind of animal gore videos grossed me
the fuck out yeah duh no fucking shit
did this video of a pig getting ripped
in half gross you out
good cuz now you know the truth you just
watched gore and you learned nothing
yeah
McDonald's Pig pace turn into Nuggets
you disgust it brought McDonald's is the
fucking bomb you can make nuggets out of
human feces and I'd still heat back the
thing that could be remains of an infant
and I'm still eating you know McDonald's
went public and said Nuggets are
actually 0% chicken we don't know where
the source of the meat is we don't even
know if it's me there's hepatitis C in
it I wouldn't be bothered not in
slightest I'm not blind to the truth
we're misguided the animal made a
sacrifice why does God allow this I'm
sorry God I just I know what's happening
and I feel kind of bad advice to eat the
meat hey see you gonna give me this
medal or what
cuz I'm vegan I'm being it am i evil am
i really evil well I got something for
you vegans did you know plants and
vegetables feel distress a number of
studies have shown that plants feel pain
and vegetables have picked it off and
even while still alive and you know what
vegans
I don't eat vegetables yes my poo is
very hard but I do not eat vegetables
because vegetables feel pain these
specials you feel is stressful for
families you vegans have been killing
these plants and vegetables and how do
you think that makes me feel huh have
these animals get to walk around the
vegetables or roots they dig a move they
can't go to a bar they can't watch their
favorite movies they can't go to the
club because their watch into the ground
and that's sick that's disgusting you're
rooting for the wrong team guys animals
eat vegetables and that's not okay I'm a
vegetable rights activist potatoes
carrots broccoli ah apples you name it
except turn it right up so fucking nasty
fuck turnips
you can't be a baker either you ain't a
real vegetable activist until you're
your poo is as hard as mine
I have a very heart sometimes it leaves
cuts and I'm I'm proud of that I'm sorry
I'm just so fucking drunk and that's why
to honor these vegetables and to spread
the word I made this PSA for everyone
please I hope you enjoy it thank you
very much hey honey I'm gonna work I'll
be back at 7:00 okay but babe it's not
safe oh yeah hey relax you know
everyone's good I'm just scared it's not
safe out there huh no I got to do what I
got to do I have to provide for the
family
okay you know I love you and I'll be
able to take care of myself and I'll be
fine
don't worry about me worry about taking
care of car dude I'm beginning okay I
will thank good luck no honey it's gonna
be hard but I love you too dad I love my
wife uh yeah we're those damn keys Oh
oh no oh no good heavens
not today guy about today please
carp carp junior garb hey people need to
know also another thing fish don't feel
pain it's just insane the researchers
conclude that fish do not have the
neurophysiological capacity for a
conscious awareness of pain so brother
sashimi is on me and so basically all
those lovable characters in Little
Mermaid
they had no fucking soul for Ariel
Braille and friends had no soul just
darkness let's just say if I found Ariel
naked on the beach the story would have
been a lot different it would have been
a lot darker overall that I don't got no
problem with it just don't be in my face
about it ok so I hope we're cool get out
pink eye I'm making a video vegan ice
dam ah what I thought my points were
pretty valid and I worded everything
pretty well oh man fuck shit never done
quick grab everything go now a slap hey
sack cry this is a Code Red
this is a Code Red the vegans are coming
can anybody hear me
can anybody hear me at all anybody the
vegans are coming and I need help right
now please please oh
they'll forget to eat your veggies well
we're fucked a little birdie told me
that you make it fun to begin so down
have two men that cool think I did
something help well you are killing
animals I think we all know that animals
die that's not a it's not a vegan
chicken sandwich well I guess it
wouldn't hurt to try
I'm being a chicken sandwich right
hey that's actually pretty good
it's pretty good right I gotta say man
you really changed my mind
huh I think I'm gonna get a Barbie
speaking sandwiches
how much were they guy T dollars oh it
still deFrank motherfucker it's filthy
Frank bitch let's get some pussy tonight
I know your secret you're not the real
Frank you're trippin dog you're trippin
that's why you don't want the peace
Lords to find out there will be a war