Chad redstone ball sex sorry guys the
heaters broken today so I'm sweating for
the ladies man so for quite some time
now the show is created a community or a
rather accessible of disease famine
scarce resources and just overall
backwards miss and this scares a lot
feet
the gas will of franku and Gingin spread
across the land
oh good I feel that Oh TJ Bauman
explains you a little about these
communities cuz you see the chromosome
communities split up into three groups
that's Twitter Facebook and YouTube
because the people on Twitter are
ratchet the people in the YouTube
comments are assholes and Facebook the
Facebook group
but Facebook group
now the Twitter community as bad as it
is I've never seen something so bad
written and dysfunctional like the
Facebook page it's like this ambiguous
cloud in cyberspace so by the time you
realize you made a terrible mistake
you've been sucked in like the images
that circulate on this page are very
questionable and I really don't know
whether to laugh or turn you guys into
the police having raised boys well that
looks great ado let's begin the show so
we'll starting to youtube comment
section you can see that it consists of
a lot of newcomers who want who are used
to this kind of thing it's kind of
radiation cuz you think they've never
seen the show before the so they think
I've a disease like they think I'm
actually sick Ahmad Ahmad Taha we're
Sansa what the fuck is wrong with you
the process I pocketed watching you
shout and bark you seem to be mentally
terminally ill please see somebody
abigail faith something tells me he's
single yes names everybody who watches
the show knows that pussy crawls to be
like a cat without any back leg so on
Twitter I asked the question to
everybody
the filthy Frank show is like not that
so after everybody else whether to
finish the sentence
Beatrice tumbler says Phil DeFranco is a
long-term documentary of why we should
not take part in breeding that is 100%
true and I don't deny I don't deny that
I claim Mason Nelson since the filthy
Frank show is like feeling sad after
jerking off now this is a hundred
percent true but think about it you get
that feeling after you watch the show
imagine why you want to make the show
it's like jerking off a thousand times
and feeling all the regret hit you in
the heart at once and my socks on is
crusty the filthy Frank shows like smell
your own fart you're actually liking
deny if I bring it out and frame back
because this is the most original joke
I've ever heard in my life fuck you just
kidding my dear thank you so much for
that comment I do not feel like killing
myself at all I also asked on the
Facebook page without what the filthy
Frank show is done for you and of course
I got nothing final one row on Facebook
said after I tried to kill myself last
year I ended up watching Lots filthy
Frank videos they helped that's actually
really funny because the filming French
show is supposed to do the exact
opposite to you were you watching so
much to the point where you eventually
do kill yourself so I guess what I'm
trying to say is you don't salute
fucking worst but that's why I love him
come on give me a hug
man I'm getting way too excited I need
to stop this video now