is this thing on it what's up ladies the
king is back ladies I know this is hard
to believe I'm single boy
you won't get some of this dick let you
come up here and shake the little pussy
gather round folks gather round Papa
Frank about to drop some b14 truth bombs
on ya you see there are certain classes
of people in this world that should not
be here we should breed far far far away
from here now I don't go outside for
obvious reasons like this this this and
this but today I'd like to go a little
in depth you know just people and nobody
likes in general why don't we start with
some easy ones huh this is a big one
people who self-diagnose you can usually
see the Sun you know tumbler BIOS
Twitter BIOS Instagram BIOS you know
anxiety I have a depression bipolar
don't come near me
you can go online or up to your friends
and tell them that your depression
anxiety or I want attention syndrome I
buy you go to the doctor you didn't know
and then you tell me you have a problem
girls who say they only have died
friends because girls are too much drama
let me show you what that sounds like
[Applause]
high school kids on public transport of
uh you ever wonder what happens to the
kids that don't get beaten you're on the
trainer on the bus high school kids
doing pull-ups on the bars you know be
really loud playing music really loud
out of their headphones which kind of
defeats the purpose do you just wake up
in the morning and think holy shit I'm
gonna be a tumor today you know there
are people coming home from work on
their nine-to-five jobs that they
probably hate and they finally get off
work and they finally get to relax
and oh boy what do you know the train is
crawling with cancer you know these
people don't have cars right that's why
they're riding public transport so you
know their lives are already shit
scooters are a fucking problem we need
to stop that immediately just just just
fucking stop please those kids that wear
the khaki shorts in the black DC Shoes
hey how about how about we stop that huh
let's just stop that like that's the
reason I'm awake at night if you see a
kid like this do the world a favor take
the kid out back look at the sunset
together and just shoot him in the back
of the head trust me you're doing him a
favor to notify your school immediate
and for the love of Chinchin can we
please stop of this these things make
Hayley's look like God's gift that's the
equivalent of wearing a sign that says
hey just fucking spit on me you know
you're basically standing in a
wheelchair right you know how much of an
oxymoron that is people who base their
whole fucking life on astrology that is
such a Gemini thing to say I knew it you
can't trust those Scorpios girl she's
like really really nice but she's a
Scorpio so I just and then like a
fucking website tells them today Jen and
I you're gonna be an insert basic human
trait oh my gosh that's so me oh my gosh
a family member
did die within the last 10 years there's
a certain class of people that I'd never
want to go near and it's people who
shared BuzzFeed and elite daily articles
I mean you can you can post you can post
whatever the fuck you want I'm all for
it but uh what do you do shit like that
it's kind of like why to sign around
your neck that says hey guys a mother
advice gamer girls shower you know
ladies I'm looking for a nice gamer girl
myself the good guy horrible facial
piercing dyed hair bright colors bad
attitude and no general goals of
directions I love it let me sniff that
little pussy so I can smell all the
failure I know I'm not like the other
girls straight edge kids who can't go
five minutes without telling people that
there's straight edge I don't need to
drink or do any of the drugs because I'm
high on life
that's right I'm high on life and I'm
better than everybody you guys you guys
might as well call me Jesus from now on
I'm but you know as I always say too bad
you'll never be rad
this is the general thing that uh I
think everyone can agree on kids on the
internet that are clearly under the age
of ten can I talk to your parents like I
want to talk to your parents and just
ask them what the fuck are you doing now
believe me I ain't no parenting expert
but I'm not that stupid hey I got a good
idea how about we don't put a
ten-year-old on the Internet yeah you
know what that would be a good idea
basically this kind of stems into a
bigger issue parents need to beat their
fucking kids fucking wooden spoon bounce
smack whatever and you know Papa's fair
stay away from the face the face ain't
okay but that ass is all game boy people
who did they online in general like any
anything just people would debate with
people they don't know online what's
more annoying than the debate itself is
the fact that people think their
opinions matter on the fucking Internet
think about what you could have done in
that two hours you spent writing
paragraphs on about fucking Bernie
Sanders there's so discontent with your
life that you're arguing with people
you've never seen before online are you
are you fucking it who the fuck hurt you
I mean pink guy doesn't even know how to
read it fucking hates it ain't that
right
can you leave people who can't handle
criticism and call you a hater no do you
have a fucking complex the frag you have
the sake become news weeds hey you
coming that's just part of the joke I
know they're not hater people who take
pictures of the book they're reading and
post them online or people who feel the
need to express that they read holy fuck
somebody calls CNN people who love to
travel
wow look at me I'm so quirky and special
I like the Travel wanderlust whoa whoa
whoa hey hang on there before you go
how'd you do it if you love to travel
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret
everybody wants to fucking travel
who doesn't like traveling everyone else
has no time to travel because they're
working a nine-to-five job you're not a
world-class traveler you just have time
and money did me a favor and twist your
neck like this and if you go far nothing
everything will just become black stop
white moms with
all kind they have this side they have a
thing called a god complex
they're always either yelling at a group
of teenagers or asking to see the
manager at a store always starting a
scene like don't you have a failed
marriage to fix your husband's going to
Florida three times a week on a business
trip business trip in that alone isn't
that a little suspicious
he's got pictures on facebook with the
half Puerto Rican kid that looks just
like him
do you think that's his friend that's
fucking Ernesto Oh security guards with
God complexes excuse me miss mr.
security guard man you're a fucking hero
to this country how did you feel when
you kicked those kids out of the mall
for no reason must have felt real good
huh Facebook pages that post these
obvious click baits look at these 10
crazy tattoos you won't believe number 6
and what's worse is they're people who
fucking believe this
it's like 70% of the world's population
lives in a trailer park they essentially
do and finally finally this gets on my
fucking nerves you know what I also hate
people who get way too preachy about the
things they hate online people just talk
about the shit that they hate like
everyone cares or something what the
fuck is up with that no what are you
fucking guys excuse excuse me
it's filthy Frank motherfucker
it's filthy Frank bitch let's get some
pussy tonight
whoa little baby