summer love nothing like it yeah
and when Donald Trump bless his heart
said built the wall built the wall three
words that changed my entire life if you
don't like them keep them out when
mosquitoes come into your house what do
you do you either kill them or put up
nests kill them I said that's why I say
to em if you clicked on this video but I
know why you're here you all want to be
gentle pardon me gentlemen money power
prestige women but not in our club if
you want to be a gentleman
you must follow these steps gentlemen
always pay the bill you never split it
you must always pay the bill welcome to
the annual gentleman's challenge where
we find out whether your two gentlemen
or not the deadliest slip and slide has
been created with over 50 bottles of
dish wash and oil which will be the
battleground for today's man
but that's not all kids because it's
about to get way fucking works now let's
start with some easy rounds at the end
of the tarp is a large bill who will be
the one to pay the bill
[Music]
that was only the pussy round in the
next round these gentlemen will be
bombarded with hard fruit and vegetables
and mousetraps we see how to basic
preparing the arsenal Wow now let's take
a look at a scoreboard if you could what
the fuck is a good scoreboard before the
last event of this round my wife is
leaving me for a man named Esteban he
wears the same tank top every day
[Music]
we see filthy Frank in dead last not
acting very gentlemanlike now a true
gentleman always has good posture look
to the left look to the right we'll all
be damned
that's some good posture sure is we now
enter the second round where these fine
gentlemen will carry trays of Chardonnay
to eMeter foot across the tarp with
mousetraps and potential glass a little
bit
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh to Trump Trump the greatest man in
America when a man is with a woman he
must treat her with respect like a true
gentleman and that means when it rains
it pours I feel a little bit of a storm
coming good thing we have this umbrella
ain't that right die of the eye of the
Dubs that's right filth round four
protect your lady because when it rains
it pours
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Music]
Francis of the fill finally putting in
work yes white so then I told her let me
see your tits fat bitch if you want to
take a lady to bed you got to be a
gentleman you got to treat her right
cheers for that cheers for that to be
junk that's why today we're gonna
delicately take her down the street with
all kinds of traps and dirty things and
we're in a Tucker in a bed at the end of
the tarp is a nice warm cozy bed we'll
these two gentlemen be able to get her
there safely standing in their way is a
small puddle
watch out right this way milady thank
you
right this way milady step on through
just step on oh fuck
just step on through milady there you go
do something oh you might you that's a
powerful grip you play tennis boy you
play tennis
that's a black Tommy this in this world
in this world of PC a real gentleman
does not take advantage of a lady
[Music]
get into bed just loosen up a little bit
hope you don't mind how about a drink oh
well this is now just to be sure because
we're gentlemen do we have your consent
yes remember a true gentleman always
gets consent wait that wasn't very
enthusiastic it was not can we or can we
not yes or no yes that did not sound
enthusiastic it has to be enthusiastic
oh yeah
remember kids be safe out there
stay safe out there kids and now for the
final round the articulate shot-caller
now today we have a shop College
specifically made for pit bulls you know
what they say all men are dogs come on
[Music]
we got a business now our lovely lady
vaccine here has the controls and we
have it at the highest voltage Maxine
will give us certain tongue twisters and
we must articulate and if we get them
wrong then we're in for a bit of a treat
now let's test it out shall we
well there's put it on maximum gel and
hold it and then press this does nothing
[Laughter]
it does double that your furry friend
Nuts Deez Nuts
yo fuck that fuck that don't explain
fuck 9 look older red looks like it just
like makes my skin chalk
fuck that 3 2 1 Peter Piper picked a
peck of pickled peppers a peck of
pickled peppers Peter Piper picked it
Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled
peppers where's the peck of pickled
peppers Peter Piper picked
holy shit I saw Susie sitting in the
shoeshine shop where she sits and she
said where she said she's Chinese and
where she shines she says where she
shines she sits how can a clam cram
[Applause]
please don't hold on to it fucking kill
me this was a paragraph what two
sentence oftentimes an adult dark dog in
a in a pestle annual prison with a long
black man with a live bomb block
awaiting the sensation of a short sharp
chunk from a cheap and chippy Chopper on
a big black block a dull dark dock of
lifelong love a short sharp shock a big
black block to sit and song silent
millennial prison and await the
sensation promote biggie people picked
Peter Pan peanut butter is the peanut
butter pink people pick Luke's duck like
slaves look love lakes lakes luxe not
lakes lakes duck tastes like steak
one-one was a race force to to has Dolan
Dickens prick his pinkie Dickens prick
is pinky pickling cheap clean beaches in
his own 49 how many cookies could a good
cook cook if a good cook could put
cookies if a good cook cook cook cookies
a good cook could cook as much cookies
as a good cook who could cook cookies
through three cheese trees three please
[Applause]
cheese trees three free please blue
while these fleas flew crazy breeze blue
freezy breeze made these three trees
freaks crazy trees made these trees
cheese fries mainly that's how yeah and
stuff if you want to be a gentleman
basically everyone fucking sucks and
nobody is really a gentleman here the
scores my wife is gone I'll tell you
what mr. Dunson there's nothing like a
good pot of tea tea boys - tea - tea a
truest friend Jane it's filthy Frank
motherfucker it's built the Frank piss
let's get some pussy tonight