[Music]
you a dick
joystick oh fuck wrong excuse me boo bah
and seaweed a ah what I feel everybody
it's a boy now I'm pissed
Salman's up right into this I want to
talk about some that's inflating the
whole world the overuse of drums baby we
are gonna a toy helicopter the black
pedophilia drones more like de-bone
drums were cool for one second when they
first came up when it wasn't accessible
to the public and then they have cheaper
and one with the drone of me thinks
there's some great great film and they
see that in some sort survive they think
their genes
we think there's these wait whoa whoa
whoa are you telling me that you got a
real bike shop with music Wayne oh right
[Applause]
anyone can do it all the stabilization
is in there already there is no skill
look I'm gonna go right now watch this
peds jazz phone
what $1,500 helicopter you plannin
around like a retard you look stupid
and what else is your is it gotten you
exceeded
sighs you're so fucking me I just want
to fuck you right now what I'm hitting
it from back start deeper deeper I can't
go deeper but if you guess wrong you're
Jesus hell all this shit is happenin to
deliver English which I think that
behind but they'll be constantly
watching us to swaption do that doctor
now I don't know why you guys that shit
looks creepy and the mushrooms are evil
how long do they start attacking up the
Ordnance 30 modern in the Middle East
this is exclusive footage of an Amazon
drone being at this for the first time
[Music]
listen you're no different for an old
man with a toy helicopter obsessions
remember when toy helicopters were kind
of label as a hobby for pedophiles and
then old people just like disabled
people in general
look this is melted all the
stabilization is built in I just draw
the blood I'm good I use it too as well
yeah no bro I just dusted festival your
childhood abundant don't get so excited
okay do not lie to yourself what the
fuck did you just really bitch we all
know the reason why you really hate
drones I have no ulterior motive I hate
long because but what day you are being
petty because you walked in on your own
girlfriend getting fucked by a black
drone don't go there you are a car being
petty because you got caught by a black
drone
[Music]
[Music]
[Music]
Oh
oh wow come on in an EM pulse yeah watch
oh all right I'm gonna be mad about this
later but under what up it's a lot of
cum yes you're fuckin or out cuz you you
stupid drunk bitch suck in another drone
and and a black thrown out of water drop
course it has this black drum of course
what are you a singer or a blade winner
is that it isn't bit you grow plants
Ruby tolerate the classic shoveling
black man you know booking on the white
and the white Watson the climate is
opposed to be local Wordsworth all your
little pieces of book open who prey on
[Music]
you know what our own time for this shit
hey you're coming with me
you think I want to please I love you
and I'll never do anything to hurt you
again
you're going much brain is hurting me I
love you I will never cheat on you again
I just want to live happily ever after
with you I want I want to love you
please don't do this
I love you I love you so much shut the
fuck up bitch I hate throw without you
my friend
how could you do this to all of us
damn it we're careful with little word
you did come the council has been
alerted
oh that is why you hate drones you liar
this is loveless you dish we're gonna
ended in the surgery I don't like this
anymore
it's filthy Frank motherfucker it's
built see brick bitch let's get some
pussy tonight
[Music]