yeah i still masturbate while eating top
ramen at a faster rate and the bigger
quantities it counts as rape. When I'm
slurping at this unbelievable pace I
turn the temperature up all the way to
sweat up on my face. If you give no
effort if you've got no money then I got
a cheap method. Crack it up and throw it
in a pan and let it cook bitch now
that's a real education fuck books. If
you wanna make it in college acknowledge
all the flavors that be dropping mad
knowledge on these pussy ass canned
goods we got chicken and beef abuse the
manhood anybody want a piece of me we'll
have to get this ramen first start with
the shrimp and then the fire if you're
fully blazed then the shit will get you
higher. Hah, 35 cents a pack three for a
dollar unbelievable pricing that's the
future of a blue-collar worker and I'm
talking about ramen the shit will fill
you up when you're feeling like an
African. Come back when you're in the
state that I'm in and say hots in my
homeboy top ramen.
*tongwaggle noise*
It's filthy Frank motherfucker. It's built the Frank bitch
let's get some pussy tonight!