pink guy wraps all of the tweets that
were sent to him yeah
the midget crawls out my ass hold and
rubbed on my nipple on wall
Jordy Jordan bit my fat ball so now I
need a seminal transplant candy-ass and
donkeys and some soup I shat on my puke
wall fuckin a duck but shit tastes solid
when it's wet
stop being small packet and spit that
shit rock my jollies little ones they'll
never know rough Snooki vaginal
discharge all over my face baby
how sore is your throat from all those
dicks you're a cunt Houdini dick is my
favorite vegetable boom boom my cock in
your ass like a dynamite stick be more
specific not sure if I understand the
red media or crash landed in my gaping
asshole
I once shoved the knife down my urethra
I fuckin loved to lift midgets while
doing anal to them and vice versa I love
Thomas the Tank Engine I work in the
rice fields this one time I pooped out
and it was blue some I can't say that
whoa I hit five pounds of porn in the
sandbox I was wondering when someone
would make a rim joke about that movie
they just crawl out my nipples and
tickle my pickle while I'm fucking
Brucie Roman they call me Nico you're on
the ground I am up in the street my name
is C sizzle I make money
Chinchin likes penis whoa every time I
masturbate in front of my dog he looks
at me like he secretly wants it in him
should I give it to him I jerk off to
your video well satisfying thing ever
tits ass guts and bucks those are the
things I love to have in the back of
your room you hear in yo ass every time
you undress so don't bother with no
distressful how to an elitist ROI you
children are disgusting shut up my butt
corpse salamander man loves a pink guy
will you shit in my chest when we fuck
if babies wouldn't cry then there'd be
no point in flashlights I have a picture
of a baby covered in shit on my wall
like I like my women like I like my
trail mix with nuts Wawa got my fingers
in my grandma like a vintage bowling
ball
whomp-whomp I want long long
I want this touch wah-wah-wah I want
Zeus to touch my prostate
this morning I had a bowl of cereal and
a big tall glass well I hope you guys
happy because he dramatized the bastard
so if you guys wanna can force pinkeye
to do this every week maybe you can type
something funnier next time if you wanna
keep doing this next week I'll do a
youtube comment section one so write
down some shit if you want for pink guy
you guys should be ashamed